Chapter One 
1. Differentiate .NET Framework and .NET Core .
2. What is .NET Framework . Explain the key features of .NET Framework .
3. What is RAD model. What are advantage of RAD model.
4. Explain .NET Framework architecture with clean diagram. ( 2 phase compilation process) 

Chapter Two and Three
1. What is constructor ? Explain the use of constructor in C# with a code example. 
2. Differentiate method overloading and method overriding in C# . 
3. Write a C# program to input a number from the user and check whether it is prime or not.
4. Write a C# program to input a number from the user and reverse it.
5. Write a C# program using method overloading to calculate the area of the circle, square and rectangle .
6. Define encapsulation. Explain how encapsulation is implemented in C# with examples.
7. Explain Exception Handling in .NET. Describe the use of try, catch, and finally blocks with an example.
8. What is LINQ in C#? Explain advantages of using LINQ.  



   Using C# and LINQ, write a simple query to find all even numbers from the following list:
   List<int> numbers = new List<int> { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 }; 

Chapter Four and Five 
1. Explain MVC architecture in .NET with clean diagram. 
2. Explain routing in .NET . Differentiate between attribute routing and conventional routing in .NET . 
3. Explain ADO.NET architecture with clean diagram . 
4. Explain the difference between ExecuteReader, ExecuteScalar, and ExecuteNonQuery in ADO.NET.
5. Using C# and ADO.NET, write a method that inserts a new record into the Course table. 
The table contains the following fields: CourseId, CourseName, Credits, and Instructor


Chapter 6 
1. What is Blazor? Explain its basic concept and describe how data binding is
implemented in Blazor with an example.
2. Explain one way binding and two way binding in blazor. 
3. Describe hosting models in blazor. 
4. What is event handling. Explain event handling with code example in blazor. 


Chapter 7 

1. What is Xamarin? Explain its purpose, key features, and how it is used for cross-
platform mobile application development.
2. Differentiate Xamarin and Xamarin forms. 


//Extra 
9. Implicit and explicit conversion in c# . 
10. Inheritance and types of inheritance in c# . 
11. Diamond problem in c# ? how to resolve it ? 
12. Abstraction in c# .





